Q:Does this document replace Code of Conduct? 
A:This document is an alternative to Codes of Conduct, that 
makes possible to establish concrete metric for consensus forming,
without introducing subjective and biased opinions based on politics, 
religion or personal belief. This metric is logical validity of argument.

Q:Does RULES.txt allow any group-based discrimination?
A:No. This is covered by rule #1 Ad-hominem attacks.
Unlike a Code of Conduct, such action would be only relevant if
a person makes argument based on it, not expressing his opinion outside
of relevant discussion on the project(s). 

Q:Does RULES.txt enforce any specific tone?
A:No. It doesn't enforce any tone, but creates a requirement that content
in discussion must be logically valid: this excludes certain types of
argument which use violate the rules of rational discussion by 
using emotion-based techniques to advance their claims.

Q:Does using pure logic dehumanize the discussion?
A:Humans tend to use emotional arguments to dehumanize each other.
This document prevent such abuse of language to be considered valid:
With strict application of logical validity rules, the amount of irrational,
emotional and inductive reasoning that currently passes as an argument
will be reduced substantially.

Q:This document doesn't specify punishment for rule violations, why?
A:A logical flaw in an a post, itself being identified as a fallacy
and dismissed as rule violation(closed/locked),is 
a sufficient 'punishment' form that doesn't require specific authority
or person-centric approach with reputation being considered.
The rule violating post(logically invalid content) can be pointed out by anyone
and identified/removed/amended to improve the discussion without
making judgement on the person, banning users and alienating contributors.

Q:What is the process for adding/expanding rules?
A:The rule must address a logical fallacy, be clear and specific in scope.
Rules cannot contain subjective and emotional reasoning.
Rules have to be back by non-opinion reasoning: logical structure
of a rule cannot contain specific exemptions
( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special_pleading  ) or
special case categories( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_true_Scotsman )

Formal process to add/expand:
An expansion of a rule, have to be pull request into Rules/ directory,
where ruleN.X.txt article is inserted(N-category number, x-Article).
An addition of a rule, requires the above and change of readme.txt.
Example pull request:
1.you want to expand and define Stawman rule
to add; create a branch with  'Rules/Rule.1.e.txt'
create: pull request with expanded and clarified
The pull request has to contain a valid argument
proving the necessity of adding/expanding this specific rules.
Each rule-related pull request has to be about a singular rule issue:
 be specific and address one argument/file/rule at a time.





Q:How to interpret a rule definition?
A:A detailed description from wikipedia or if its insufficient:
https://www.logicalfallacies.org/ 
Inventing your own definitions and interpretation will not be 
accepted, but Rules/ directory can contain specific, expanded and precise
definitions if they're proved to be logically valid and relevant to
explaining the specific details of a rule that are missing from other sources:
Contradicting wikipedia or https://www.logicalfallacies.org/ as source
of authority is not an argument(Appeal to authority),
the rule definition itself has to stand 
on its own and use references to all claims that are not under the control
of the author(you cannot edit-war Wikipedia to change a logical fallacy article
and proclaim its new definition as current year truth).

Q:Does a fallacy make a post invalid?
A:No. This doesn't invalidate the truth value of content, but a structure
and reasoning of an argument: see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_fallacy
The rules don't make any claim on truth, but validity of logic used:
A logically invalid post can contain true statements but such statements
are not necessary valid premises for an argument(it is like offtopic commentary).

Q:How does this project deal with mentally ill?
A:The project will not accomodate/promote any mental illness, by
requiring adding specific pronouns/terms on demand(such as e.g. 'His Majesty' for people claiming to be Napoleon and demanding to be addressed as such), as this approach
will only exacerbate the person's condition justifying them to do
more extreme stunts to get attention: e.g. plastic surgery to look more like Napoleon.














